Before one can understand the proper place of Something Deeperism in human society, one must first understand that everyone is already a Something Deeperist.
At some level, we all already know that (1) we cannot meaningfully travel with our own thoughts to our own conclusions except to the degree we abide by the universal values as motivated, justified, and explicated by insight into a Love that chooses everyone; and (2) confusing our ideas and feelings about the Absolute for the Absolute just makes trouble. Accordingly, we all know that our only hope for internal coherency (i.e., to be meaningful to ourselves) is find a way to relate our feeling, thinking, and acting meaningfully to a Love that chooses everyone. That is to say, we all already know the only way forward is to assume the mystics are right and follow our own inborn path towards experiencing the fundamental mystical insight: We are all together in the Love that alone is Real.
Sometimes people will think they believe in the literal Truth of their own religious and/or philosophical dogmas. However, in this they err. For we cannot believe in the literal truth of anything—let alone the literal Truth of some mere ideas. The more we try to believe in the Reality of ideas and feelings, the more we try to force feelings of certainty onto notions we don’t even understand or care about; the more we do this, the more we drift away from out own conscious moment and err in the margins. 
We are all Something Deperists. We all know that we know the universal values and fundamental spiritual vista (a Love = Reality that surpasses but does not entirely elude our oh-so-limited faculties) more fundamentally than we know our ideas and feelings believing or disbelieving them. We experience them prior to our critiques and praises of them.
Given that everyone is already a Something Deeperist, it follows that each sentient being is best served by using the universal values and standard spiritual practices to get better and better at organizing themselves around Pure Love and interpreting It more and more cleanly (i.e., with less and less distortions). No one’s worldview makes sense to them except to the degree they are wise.
Therefore, our primary advice for Something Deeperism in groups is that we all work together to construct and maintain organizations that encourage wisdom and discourage folly.
There are many different sizes and types of groups. Two people could be considered a group, as could a nation state with 300 million citizens. A church has a different set of objectives than a school, an immediate family, or a circus. (You can even argue that an individual human is a group of conflicting currents of feeling and thought.) Different organizational structures will therefore be required in different groups. 
However, we can point out a few general principles to help groups select more for wisdom than folly:
Many groups require some hierarchy to function. But blind faith in leaders is counterproductive because leaders are not God, but only humans. 
Wise people do not want blind devotion or unlimited power because (1) they realize their own wisdom is a precious and delicate good and that excess devotion and power are corrupting, and (2) they want other people to grow in wisdom, which implies at least some mutual respect and power-sharing.
Corruption (be it within an individual or within groups) is always the same:
The more corrupt a system or organization, the easier it is to do bad things with impunity and the more difficult it is to do what’s right without being penalized. The less corrupt a system or organization, the more it protects, encourages, and selects for good behaviors like telling the truth, doing your job honestly and competently, and calling out bad behavior—even if the misbehavers are figures of authority. Corruption grows with unchecked or unlimited power and with both blind faith and cynicism. Particularly in large, impersonal organizations like nation states, corruption grows when worldly goods like power, prestige, and wealth are rewarded based on who you are and/or who your friends are, rather than on what you do and how you do it; and when the rules are different for different people and/or can be changed by the already-haves to favor the already-haves. 
Liberal representative democracy is a spiritual good
With “liberal representative democracy” we describe governments with fair, open, and regular elections to select leaders who serve temporarily and at the pleasure of the citizens; and with equality under the law, checks and limits on individual powers, and guarantees on basic rights like the right to tell the truth without fearing reprisal from your government or your fellow citizens, and the right to seek and share the Truth in ways that are meaningful to you (forced wisdom is not real wisdom anyway). 
Liberal representative democracies are spiritual goods because (1) they allow the citizens to share both power and responsibility, thereby empowering them to work together to safeguard the universal values and underlying spiritual values; (2) the citizens can keep the government safe for honest debate and dissent, which allows individuals to stand up for what is right—even if that means disagreeing with the current government—while also keeping themselves, their fortunes, and their loved ones safe (Contrast this with a tyranny, where people are given the devil’s choice of doing what is right in the public sphere and keeping their families safe. To the degree the government is a criminal organization, it’s impossible to be simultaneously happy/safe/thriving, decent/honest/just, and publicly engaged); (3) the emphasis on maintaining the long-term integrity of the government while individual leaders only serve temporarily and at the will of the governed discourages consolidation of power and the pursuit of power-for-eternal-power’s sake, both of which invariably lead to less transparency, fairness, and openness, and to more corruption; and (4) tyrannies do not just pervert the civic virtue (calling lying, cheating, and stealing “honest, fair and good” as long as they’re done in the service of the powers-that-be); they also generally govern incompetently for the simple reason that governing competently in the interest of all is not even the goal: a tyranny’s primary goal is not serving the general welfare, but staying in power no matter what.
Liberal representative democracies are great blessings because they allow the citizens to keep themselves and their fellows free from tyranny, which gives everyone the chance to pursue wisdom in ways that are meaningful to them, and to do what they think is right both in private and in the public sphere without fear of reprisals from their fellows or their government.
Liberal representative democracies are spiritual goods because they empower their citizens to together remember and focus on the most fundamental lesson of shared Something Deeperism: We already share the universal values; we already share the same fundamental spiritual makeup; we don’t need to force people to agree with us or to only let people who agree with us stay: We are all already human beings so we all already know we need to prioritize awareness, clarity, honesty, accuracy, competency, compassionate, loving kindness and joyful-sharing and the spiritual Love that motivates, justifies and explicates these spiritual values. 
Liberal representative democracies allow the citizens to share power and responsibility and to together keep themselves safe from tyranny by demanding transparency, openness, clarity, honesty, accuracy, competency, and well-intentioned and faithful service from our leaders. Here we can have our cake and eat it to: We can live the universal values and God’s Love in ways meaningful to us in both our private and public lives AND we can avoid the gulag, financial ruin, dangerous water supplies, and all those other nasties!!! Amazing! 
Willfully harming or being complicit in the willful destruction of liberal representative democracies is a crime against yourself, your fellows, and God.
Advancing wisdom and protecting liberal democracy are important aspects of our project, although so far we don’t seem to have accomplished much for wisdom or for democracy. 
I want to say one thing before moving on to the next section: A favorite trick of demagogues is claiming that the existing government is more corrupt than it is. So protecting democracy involves not just paying attention and getting other people to pay attention, but also improving your own and other people’s media savviness and critical thinking skills. And cultivating clarity and good intentions is also fundamental to the cause of democracy: Stop your bellyaching and LISTEN.
