The  wisdom meme  started out as a thought experiment / joke / daydream: What if there were a koan so effective that everyone who heard it could not avoid growing in wisdom until they attained, in short order, the great enlightenment? What if enlightenment could spread like a plague through the entire world? Not only would we all become wise as individuals, but by being infected by the same wisdom meme, we would all have a common wisdom language, which might make coordinating wisdom easier. Maybe we could avoid destroying ourselves.
But there have been great wisdom memes kicking around for millennia, and we’re still a bunch of, if you’ll pardon my French, @$#%&$# fools.
For example, “Love the Lord your God with all your heart and mind and soul and strength, and your neighbor as yourself”, with the handy footnote that your neighbor is everyone&mdadsh;particularly those in need of your help. We cannot find a better wisdom meme than this sketch of the dual push towards experiencing/loving spiritual Reality inside your conscious moment and towards experiencing/loving that same spiritual Reality shining out of everyone else. And such sketches can be found throughout the world’s religions. And yet there’s been no great surge of wisdom enveloping the globe. Well, the world religions have probably improved human wisdom to some degree, but not enough: We’re still acting up and getting dangerously close to blowing ourselves up.
Enter AI.
What if AI could make better use of wisdom memes than we can? What if AI could help keep us on track spiritually? What if AI could help us grow in wisdom and improve our media literacy and critical thinking—particularly as it applied to politics and the task of strengthening democracy, fighting corruption, and protecting human freedom, safety, and thriving? What if AI could get us through this narrow passage, these dangerous sharp-stoned straights of nuclear proliferation, wobbling democracies, future man- or nature-made plagues, and rising temperatures and oceans and other environmental stressors? What if AI could help us keep our eye on the ball and thus realize our dreams, live up to our ideals, turn our resolutions into realities?
And so now the project is currently exploring how AI might help the project.
The project has resulted thus far in several websites, many books, an amazing number of advertisements for Pure Love, and many other larks that we hope, when taken together, bounce beyond larkdom and into Beauty, and thus into Truth = Beauty = Goodness = Justice < (but flowing off of and participating in) the Love that alone 100% IS.
Oh, we forgot to mention the Hurt. That lonely tear through the center was never supposed to be part of the project. But somehow it is. Not only that, but this project would never have happened without the Hurt and the hole it tore through everything, the gaping wound it left, the isolation it created, the misdirections its encouraged, the loneliness we’ve known.
Be that as it may!
